.TH "MKDOCS GH-DEPLOY" "1" "2022-12-06" "1.4.1" "mkdocs gh-deploy Manual"
.SH NAME
mkdocs\-gh-deploy \- Deploy your documentation to GitHub Pages
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mkdocs gh-deploy
[OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Deploy your documentation to GitHub Pages
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c,\fP \-\-clean / \-\-dirty
Remove old files from the site_dir before building (the default).
.TP
\fB\-m,\fP \-\-message TEXT
A commit message to use when committing to the GitHub Pages remote branch. Commit {sha} and MkDocs {version} are available as expansions
.TP
\fB\-b,\fP \-\-remote\-branch TEXT
The remote branch to commit to for GitHub Pages. This overrides the value specified in config
.TP
\fB\-r,\fP \-\-remote\-name TEXT
The remote name to commit to for GitHub Pages. This overrides the value specified in config
.TP
\fB\-\-force\fP
Force the push to the repository.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-history\fP
Replace the whole Git history with one new commit.
.TP
\fB\-\-ignore\-version\fP
Ignore check that build is not being deployed with an older version of MkDocs.
.TP
\fB\-\-shell\fP
Use the shell when invoking Git.
.TP
\fB\-f,\fP \-\-config\-file FILENAME
Provide a specific MkDocs config
.TP
\fB\-s,\fP \-\-strict
Enable strict mode. This will cause MkDocs to abort the build on any warnings.
.TP
\fB\-t,\fP \-\-theme [material|mkdocs|readthedocs]
The theme to use when building your documentation.
.TP
\fB\-\-use\-directory\-urls\fP / \-\-no\-directory\-urls
Use directory URLs when building pages (the default).
.TP
\fB\-d,\fP \-\-site\-dir PATH
The directory to output the result of the documentation build.
.TP
\fB\-q,\fP \-\-quiet
Silence warnings
.TP
\fB\-v,\fP \-\-verbose
Enable verbose output
